♪ Killer klowns
♪ P.T. Barnum said it
so long ago
♪ There's one born
every minute
♪ That you know
♪ Some make us laugh
♪ Some make us cry
♪ These klowns only gonna
make you die
♪ Everybody's runnin'
♪ When the circus
comes into the towns
♪ Everybody's
gunnin' for the likes
♪ Of the killer klowns
♪ Chuckle
♪ The ringmaster shouts.
let the show begin
♪ Send in the klowns
♪ Then they'll let you in
♪ See the rubber nose
♪ On the painted face
♪ Bringing genocide
to the human race
♪ It's time to take a ride
♪ On the nightmare
merry-go-round
♪ You'll be dead on arrival
♪ From the likes
of the killer klowns
♪ From outer space
♪ There's cotton candy
in their hands ♪
Little son of a bitch.
Cops.
This is Mooney calling in.
DAVE:  Read you.
What's doing. Curt?
Nothing yet. Dave.
but Friday night's
just starting.
I'm heading
across town to the park.
Check in with you later.
MAN ON RADIO:  That was
a hot tune from The Doorman.
but now we're gonna
slow it down a little bit
for all you
make-out artists at
the "Top of the World."
MAN: Give me a cold one.
All right.
PAUL:  I'm Jojo
the ice cream clown.
with the bestest
ice cream in town.
We'll give you the stick.
you give it a lick.
and it'll tickle you
all the way down.
Ice cream. ice cream.
We brought our
goodies here to you.
a tasty treat for
while you screw.
Let's take a break.
Cool off those hot lips
with our tasty frozen
fruity bars.
icy wicys.
fudgy wudgy bars.
and everyone's
favorite frozen delight.
the lick-a-stick.
Jeez. what the...
MAN 1: Get out of here.
you morons!
Hey. take your ice cream
and get lost.
Oh. yeah?
WOMAN 1: Quiet down.
You got the speaker on.
WOMAN 2: Beat it. you jerk.
So. you don't
want any ice cream?
Well. you're not getting any.
We were getting it
before you showed up.
Those guys. man. what
the hell are they doing here?
Great idea. Paul.
Everybody loves
ice cream.
What do you mean?
It was your idea.
Hey. why don't we just
park here for a while?
Hey. what are you guys
trying to pull here?
Oh. well.
we thought we'd
park here for a while.
You said we could have
all the ice cream
we wanted.
but you didn't say
anything about parking.
What kind of girls
do you think we are?
I told you they
weren't that stupid.
We want you to
take us home right now.
Yeah.
Take it easy.
Keep your shirt on.
Don't worry.
We intend to.
(POP GOES THE WEASEL PLAYING)
RICH:  This worked out
just great.
PAUL:  Don't blame me.
I didn't want to
come here.
Hey. why don't we
try the drive-in?
RICH:  That's dumb.
Wait a minute.
What's playing?
Knuckleheads.
You know those guys?
Those guys are my
best friends from school.
I tell you. whenever I want
to have a good time. I call
Rich and Paul.
A night out
with those guys
is a total adventure.
(SNICKERS)
What am I talking about
the Terenzi brothers for.
when I would much rather
be kissing you?
DEBBIE: This is great.
MIKE: Yeah.
(WHOOSHING)
Whoa! Check that out.
Did you see that?
Yeah. I saw that.
That was incredible.
I'll be hornswoggled.
Did you see that
little old sky guppy
zip down in there. Pooh?
It's Halley's comet and
he's landed in our backyard.
There's gonna be
thousands of people.
Thousands of
people are coming.
They're gonna have hot dogs.
Gonna have
helicopters
and airplanes
and tacos.
This is our lucky day.
We's gonna be rich. Pooh.
We gonna be rich.
Come on.
let's go check it out.
Come on. No way.
Debbie. it's a waste of time.
It's got to be a thousand
miles away.
We'd ruin
our whole evening.
Don't give me that.
You saw how close
it was.
It landed right over the hill.
Now. that is not a thousand
miles away.
Come on.
You can find it.
Mr. Adventure.
Debbie. don't you want
to finish our champagne?
Take it with us.
Come on.
Okay.
MAN: Heel.
Come on. come on.
Attention. dog. Come on.
I'll be greased and fried.
What in blue blazes
is the circus doing
up in these parts?
I love the circus.
Come on.
Maybe we can get
us some free passes.
Come on. Pooh.
I never
seen one that looked
like this one before.
Well...
I don't know. Pooh.
You know. there's something
kind of peculiar around here.
Where is everybody?
There ain't nobody around.
Where's the
dang ticket booth?
How are we supposed to
get in and see the show?
(DOG WHIMPERING)
Pooh?
Pooh Bear?
Where is that dog?
Pooh?
Something funny's
happening around here.
What in tarnation's
going on here?
(METALLIC CLANGING)
(GROANING)
Where's my dog?
Where's my Pooh Bear?
I'll tear
this thing apart
with my bare hands!
(SCREAMING)
(SOBBING)
This thing is wired.
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
(SHOUTING)
CURT: All right. get in there!
DAVE: What's going on.
Curt?
Same old shit.
I caught them
boozing it up
in the park.
We're just walking
through the park on
the way to the dorm.
We had a bottle of wine.
Yeah.
It's a beautiful night.
We were
walking around.
We didn't do nothing.
You guys go to
the college. right?
Yeah. yeah. Right.
So why don't you just stay
there and do your drinking
on campus?
Why do you have
to come into town?
We live in this town. too.
I mean.
we don't have to
just stay on campus.
Yeah.
And it's scum like you
that are killing this town.
Come on. Curt!
Curt. come on!
Come on.
come on. Curt.
Now just take it easy.
What's the matter. Dave?
You got a thing
for these little boys?
Empty your pockets!
We just
had a little wine.
What's the problem?
You are the problem.
you little shit!
Just lighten up. Mooney.
Just lighten up.
Back off. Dave.
Open container.
public intoxication.
littering.
disturbing the peace.
resisting arrest.
these kids are history.
Unless you want to rewrite
the laws. Mr. Police Academy.
Oh. look.
you got this problem with
my training. I don't care.
but when you bring
someone into the station.
I don't want to
see you beating
them up.
Now. if
you're going to book them.
do it according to procedure.
or I swear. Curt.
you and that badge
of yours will be history.
I'll tell you what's
going to be history.
Dave.
these kids.
Now. get in there.
Get in there!
DAVE: Shit.
Yeah.
it looks like we're going
to have to walk from here.
Let's see.
If instinct
serve Chief correct.
path lie
that way.
We must travel many moons.
Many. many moons.
Many...
Enough already
with the moons.
Lead the way. Chief
Running-At-The-Mouth.
Holy shit.
That was no shooting star.
Looks like a...
DEBBIE: Circus tent.
MIKE: What is a circus tent
doing all the way out here?
It's a lousy
location for a show.
Something's wrong.
This doesn't feel right.
Weren't we looking
for the shooting star?
Come on.
this looks neat.
Let's check this out.
No. Let's go.
I've seen enough.
Come on. Deb.
I want to
take a closer look.
You can stay here.
Alone?
Would you
be more scared
if you came with me
or if I left you here?
If you left me here.
Let's go.
Come on.
DEBBIE: Okay. Okay.
I'm coming.
Come on.
let's check this out.
No. Mike.
Mike. we better not.
Deb. you are going to
love this. Don't be a baby.
(DEBBIE LAUGHS)
DEBBIE: This is bizarre.
What kind of circus
is this?
This is that
new wave European
"Circus  Fantastique. "
Hurry. hurry.
Step right up.
See the "Circus Bizarro."
Come one. come all.
Step right up. little lady.
Don't be shy.
Don't be stupid.
Come see
the incredible Miss 50-50.
half man. half woman.
the perfect double date.
Yeah. That's right.
little lady.
Step right up
here and see Gumbo.
the toothless elephant.
Or right over here.
we've got Belinda.
the bulimic wonder.
Watch her
binge and purge
before your very eyes.
Mike. keep it down.
Somebody will catch us.
God. this place
is great or what?
I mean.
it looks like it was
decorated by Clowns "R" Us.
I don't know.
So how much further
you want to go?
Let's just go down to the
end of this hall where
those doors are.
Come on.
(WHOOPING SOUNDS)
This is no funhouse.
No circus. either.
(DEBBIE SHRIEKS)
What?
I can't believe it.
What is it.
a nuclear power plant?
DEBBIE: No.
MIKE: A missile silo?
MIKE: A military base?
DEBBIE: No!
The shooting star.
What are you
talking about?
The shooting star we went
to go look for. we are in it.
What was that?
I don't know.
but it's coming this way.
Here. Come on.
Look at this place.
It smells like candy.
You know.
I don't know what
we saw out there before.
but this
looks like a cotton
candy factory to me.
Yeah.
This must be where
they hang it up to dry
before they
ship the stuff out.
No. it's not.
I've never seen anything
like this before. have you?
No.
That's because nobody has.
I don't believe in UFOs.
but if they do exist.
then we're trapped
in one right now.
Just calm down. There's got
to be a logical explanation
for this.
This isn't what
you think it is.
Nobody stores
cotton candy like this.
What are you
talking about?
Of course it is.
Look.
(SCREAMS)
Joe Lombardo.
Down this way.
MIKE: Are you okay?
I think so.
Come on.
DEBBIE:
Popcorn?
Why popcorn?
MIKE: Because they're clowns.
that's why.
(SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
(BALLOON SNIFFING)
(BALLOON BARKING)
(DEBBIE SCREAMS)
Mike. get me out of here!
(HOWLING)
DEBBIE: Hurry.
they're coming!
(SCREAMS)
DEBBIE: We have
to tell the police.
Yeah. we're gonna run
to the police station.
we're gonna tell them
there's
a bunch of clowns
running around the hill
killing people
with cotton candy?
I have a friend there.
I know he'll believe us.
I don't know. Debbie.
I wouldn't even
believe us.
(SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
What the heck?
(CAR HORN BLARING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Dave! Oh. my God!
Something horrible
has happened!
Somebody's been killed!
Wait a second. Debbie!
What happened?
You gotta help us!
We gotta do something!
There are two people dead!
Who. Debbie? Who's dead?
Joe Lombardo. He's dead.
And some old man. too.
Wait a second. guys.
Are you sure about this?
Yes! They were hanging in
there wrapped up in these
cotton candy things.
these cocoons.
Cocoons?
Yes. cocoons.
You know. cocoons.
All right. all right.
everybody calm down.
Look. Debbie.
come inside and
explain this to me.
I'd like to help you.
but before I can.
I've got to understand
what's going on here
myself.
WOMAN: I really need
to get some mascara.
okay?
Okay.
why don't we just
go to the drugstore?
Okay?
And then we'll go on.
Look.
Cute.
(SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
All right. sit down.
Let's start from the
beginning. all right?
Okay. We were up at
the "Top of the World."
and we saw
this shooting star.
and we decided
to go look for it.
But instead of finding the
shooting star. we saw this
circus tent.
That's when we went inside.
and that is when we saw
all those people
in those pink
cotton candy cocoons.
Dave. it was
not a circus tent.
It was something else.
What? What?
MIKE: It was a spaceship.
and there
was these things.
these killer clowns.
and they
shot popcorn at us.
We barely got away.
(WHISTLES)
Killer clowns
from outer space?
Holy shit.
Dave. we are
telling you the truth.
You've got to believe us.
Let me tell you
something. honey.
I was just over there.
There's nothing going on.
Excuse me. please.
but we're talking
to Dave.
Yeah. just hold on a second.
Mooney. They say some
people are dead.
Let's hear them out.
All right. Dave.
Okay.
Clowns. cotton candy.
flying popcorn.
Go ahead.
Let them make fools out
of the police department.
I told you.
I was just over there!
Who are you
going to believe?
Me or this little tramp?
Now. come on. Mooney!
I'm handling this.
all right?
All right. Debbie.
who's your friend?
DEBBIE: Mike.
We go to school together.
You two were up at
"Top of the World"
together?
Yeah.
I know you.
you little fart.
You hang out with
the Terenzi brothers.
Clowns? I get it.
Another one of their stupid
stunts to sell ice cream
from that goddamn truck
those hoodlums run around in.
Well. now I really
believe this.
Well.
you better go now. Dave.
before the clowns take over.
and when you get back
from saving the world.
I want a full written
report so I can give
it to the chief
when he gets back on Monday.
(LAUGHING)
Look.
everything happened
just the way we said.
We are telling you the truth.
All right.
You two come with me.
Come on.
Hurry up. Dave.
Don't let them
get away.
Go ahead. Dave.
make a dummy
out of yourself.
But you're not going
to make a dummy out of me.
You. in the back.
(SHOUTING)
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
Excuse me.
Oh. my.
May I help you?
No!
No.
DAVE:
All right. we're going
up there to check this out.
First. I'm taking you home.
Debbie.
No way.
I'm going back
up there with you.
You can't tell me
what to do.
Debbie. just listen to me.
would you?
I don't have to listen to you.
You are not my boyfriend
anymore. all right?
DAVE: Yeah. that's right.
I'm not your boyfriend
anymore.
That doesn't
change the way I feel
about you. little Debbie.
DEBBIE: Dave. please.
Don't do this to me.
All right. Debbie.
you got a choice.
Either go home. or I'm gonna
take you back to the station
and lock you up
for safekeeping.
How's that?
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Pizza!
Pizza.
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
(EXCLAIMS)
For me?
Oh. Jim.
is this from you?
Look. Debbie...
May I please speak
to Mike outside?
Fine. Sure.
Thank you.
Your old boyfriend?
This is great.
This is just great.
Will you come here?
He's probably gonna take me
up on top of the hill and
shoot me.
Look. don't worry
about Dave.
It's those clowns
you got to worry about.
Listen. as soon as
you guys leave here.
I'm going to follow
you guys up there.
You're going to
follow us up there?
Debbie. I don't even
want to go up there.
Listen. you stay
inside the house and
keep the door locked.
I'll be back here in
a little bit to
check on you.
Okay?
You better.
That's good timing.
(CAR STARTING)
Cream.
(GROANING)
(SNEEZES)
Wait a minute.
Where is it?
Yeah. that's what
I'd like to know. pal.
MIKE: It was right there
where that hole is.
DAVE: So you're saying
that hole is where
the tent was?
The tent made that hole.
is that what you're
telling me?
Yes! It was there.
Look. we saw it.
That's a fact.
I'll tell you what
the facts are. mister.
You said
people are being killed.
Now. where are the bodies?
I don't know.
I saw Joe Lombardo dead.
I can only tell you
what I think I saw.
Oh. so now you
just think you saw?
No. I know what I saw.
I just can't prove it.
My proof is gone.
Yeah. right.
Turn around. pal.
Mooney was right. huh?
Got nothing better to
do than cause problems.
Well. you're not gonna
get away with it this time.
Get away with what?
Debbie saw it. too.
Yes. she did. didn't she?
Come on.
Hey. Eddie. is that
a new bike you got?
WOMAN: What's
happening. Spike?
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Big bad Jojo
comin' into town.
Watch this. baby.
Is that bike
too big for you?
Patty!
Mean bike
you got there.
MAN: Yeah.
Can I take a ride. pal?
Can I beep the horn?
Thank you!
He should've let
the man ride his bike.
(HORN HONKING)
I'm sorry.
I seem to have
broken your bike.
(CRYING)
Where'd he go?
(SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
(LAUGHING)
What are
you going to do.
knock my block off?
(SCREAMING)
Damn!
WOMAN: Come on.
let's get out of here!
Come on. guys!
WOMAN: Get me out of here!
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
Here's some
more ketchup for
your French fries.
Now here's
some more ketchup.
I want you
to sit still and
eat your hamburger.
This isn't as much
fun as it used to be.
It is
if you're
the winners.
WOMAN: Back here.
young lady.
You're not going anywhere
until you finish your food.
What's going on?
All right. get out.
Turn around.
What are you doing. man?
You're not going to
hit me. are you?
Just turn around. pal.
all right?
Look. I'm sorry
about Debbie.
but I...
Just drop it. Mike!
Check this out.
That's the stuff.
That's the stuff that
I was telling you about
that was
all wrapped
around Joe Lombardo.
Where'd you get that?
Over in that jeep
over there.
That's McReed's jeep.
Who's McReed?
Bob McReed.
He was
up here tonight
with me and Debbie.
Those are his glasses.
They got him. He's dead.
(CHUCKLES)
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Crescent Cove
Police Station.
Mooney speaking.
WOMAN:  I'd like to
report a disturbance...
Wait a minute.
Calm down.
I can't understand you.
Clowns...
What?
Clowns are at my front door.
They're destroying property!
Clowns.
and now they're
at your front door.
Yes! They're at my
front door right now!
Wait a minute. Who is this?
Would you just
get over here?
Stupid kids
and their pranks.
Rich little bastards.
I'd shoot them all.
Daddy sends them
to fancy schools
so the police department
can babysit them. Pricks.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Police station.
Mooney speaking. Yeah.
Hello. Curt?
I think
I have a bit
of a problem here.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Just a minute.
Jesus. not you. too.
Mr. Myers.
Police station.
Mooney here. What?
MAN:  They took my wife.
the clowns.
They took her away
in a balloon.
Oh! They took your
wife away in a balloon?
Well. you don't
need the police. pal.
You need a psychiatrist!
Mr. Myers?
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Do the Terenzi brothers
have the whole town in
on this?
To hell with them all.
If they want
to play games.
they're messing
with the wrong guy.
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
Jesus! No!
No! Come on. Joe.
get going!
God!
(SCREAMS)
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
(SQUEAKING)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
DAVE: I'll call
the State Police
up at Marlborough.
They've got a lab.
Maybe somebody up there
can tell us what this
stuff is.
It's not cotton candy.
that's for sure.
Yes. Finally.
That's what I've
been telling you.
Look. I'm sorry I was
a little tough on you
back there.
It's been a hard night.
Having Debbie involved just
makes it a lot more difficult.
What can I say?
I didn't know...
It's got nothing to
do with you. really.
It's me.
It's obvious she goes
for laughs. not stability.
(CLOWN LAUGHING)
Boo!
My God.
(ELEPHANT TRUMPETING)
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
MIKE: Look. you can
just drop me off here.
I'll take the bus home.
DAVE: No way. Remember.
you're the one who's
seen these things.
Look! A clown! Right there!
There he is. I told you.
Will you get out there
and shoot him?
Get him. Dave! Kill him!
Mike. just hang on.
Calm down.
Let me check this out.
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
(PEOPLE GASPING)
Holy shit!
I don't believe it.
(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
Dave. run him down!
Mike. let go! Mike!
What are you doing. buddy?
You could've gotten both
of us killed!
I'm sorry.
I freaked out a little bit.
Where is he?
I don't know.
I don't see him
anywhere.
He's gone.
He went straight up.
I've seen enough.
One Baker five.
Curt. do you read me?
Over.
One Baker five.
This is Mooney speaking.
I was a little
worried about you.
I thought
the big bad clowns
got a hold of you. Over.
Mooney. I want you
to listen to me and
don't say anything.
I want you to call
the state police
and get help.
There are clowns. and
they are killing people. Over.
Okay. let me
get this straight.
You say
there are clowns.
and you've seen them.
Okay. Dave. that's it.
Screw you and
your college flunkies.
I've had
enough of this from
you and from everyone else.
I know
what you guys
are trying to do.
Break me down.
drive me out of the force.
Well. it's going to
take a hell of a lot more
than a lame prank like this
to get Curtis Mooney to
throw in his badge. so
fuck you! Over.
Mooney.
this is an emergency.
He cut me off. That
son of a bitch cut
me off!
I got to get back
to the station.
I don't know what I'm
gonna say. but I got to get
through to the state police.
(WOMEN SCREAMING)
RICH: Get the truck!
PAUL: What about
the girls?
RICH: Forget about the girls.
They eat too much.
PAUL:
They didn't pay
for the ice cream!
RICH: So what?
The truck's getting away!
Hey. those aren't
killer clowns. Those
are the Terenzi brothers.
Terenzi brothers?
Get back
to the station.
Radio for help.
I'm gonna catch up with my
friends. try to warn people.
All right. all right.
Tell everyone to
stay indoors.
And don't do
anything stupid.
MIKE: You. too.
RICH: You idiot!
Shit.
PAUL: You were driving!
I didn't do
one thing right?
This whole ice cream
thing was your idea.
My idea? You are the one who
said we'd get girls this way.
No. I didn't. You did.
You did.
MIKE: Rich. Paul!
Man. am I glad
to see you guys.
So. Mike. how you doing?
You want some ice cream?
No. no. man. listen.
Something horrible
has happened.
I need your help.
What are you talking about?
What's wrong?
There's no time to explain.
There's clowns going
around killing people.
Tonight. Debbie and I were
up on the "Top of the World."
and we
followed the spaceship.
and there were these...
There were these clowns and
they were carrying these
cotton candy cocoons
and they
were shooting
these popcorn guns.
There's a circus
tent spaceship. right?
But it's not there anymore.
but we were there. We saw
the whole thing.
And they say
we're crazy. So?
Come on. you guys.
I'm not fooling around.
Mike.
what do you
want us to do?
We have ice cream to
sell tonight.
Paul. this is more important
than selling ice cream.
There's clowns going around
killing people. We're all
in danger.
We haven't sold that
much ice cream tonight.
We haven't sold any.
Come on. guys.
will you help me?
Look. at least take me over
to Debbie's house. okay?
I think she's in danger.
Does she have
any roommates?
Yes. She's got two.
She's got two
beautiful roommates.
with big boobs.
Do they like ice cream?
They love it.
What are we waiting for?
Come on!
MIKE: You guys.
get out of the way.
(TELEPHONES RINGING)
Frig youse all.
You ain't going to
get the best of me.
I made it through Korea.
I can make it through
this bullshit.
(DOOR OPENS)
(EXCLAIMING)
What do we have here?
Well. son.
I think you
made a big mistake.
You're in
Mooney's territory now.
For me?
I ought to
shoot you right now.
you red-nosed freak.
So you want
to play games.
(CHUCKLES)
Turn around!
All right.
I'm supposed to
read you your rights.
but you're in
Mooney's jail.
and you ain't
got no rights.
All right. buster.
Come on...
MAN 1: Hey. Officer Mooney.
come on. let us out of here.
MAN 2: Are we going
to be here all night
or what?
MAN 1: Yeah. We get
one phone call.
don't we?
MAN 1: Right.
I'm going to call my...
Shut up!
Get your hands up.
Get in there.
(GROWLS)
I don't know who you are.
but before
this night's over.
you're going to be
begging for mercy.
What are you in for?
Mooney!
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Police department.
Hello?
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Mooney?
Mooney. you back here?
God.
Hey. Dave.
who was the lady
I saw you with
last night?
Don't worry. Dave.
All we want to do
is kill you.
(HIGH-PITCHED WHOOSHING)
JACK:  CCPD. this is
Marlborough State Police.
Dave. Curt.
are you there? Over.
Jack. we need
your assistance.
The town's gone crazy.
People are being killed.
Over.
What's all these reports
about circus clowns?
These clowns aren't people.
They're some
kind of creatures.
things from another planet.
Well. Jack.
they're killing people.
Officer Mooney is dead.
I know. I saw it. He was
killed by one of these things.
Could you
send all available units
immediately. please? Over.
Come on. Jack!
(RADIO STATIC)
Okay. calm down. buddy.
Help is on the way.
Debbie.
PAUL:
Calling all clowns.
calling all clowns.
This is Jojo.
Are there any
space clowns
out there?
You guys.
will you stop
fooling around?
Look. Mike. come on.
Cocoons.
popcorn guns.
monster shadows.
What do you think
we are?
We're not as
stupid as we look.
This isn't the
first wild thing you've
tried to put over on us.
Look. you remember
Hidden Lake?
Oh. come on.
Forget Hidden Lake.
This has nothing to
do with Hidden Lake.
We would have to be
total morons to believe
this clown invasion crap.
If there are killer clowns
running around here. then
I'm Porky Pig.
Get the hell out of here.
(SQUEAKING)
(SCREAMS)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Debbie. Debbie. it's Mike.
Open up.
Mike?
(DEBBIE SCREAMS)
Debbie! Debbie! Debbie!
(DRILL SOUNDING)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(LAUGHING)
(POP GOES THE WEASEL PLAYING)
MIKE: Okay. see this
white house over here?
Take a right...
I mean. a left right here.
RICH: A left?
MIKE: Right.
RICH: Right.
No. left! Left!
The house right up...
Holy shit.
What is that?
Look at that.
Mike!
Come on. we can't lose them!
They got Debbie!
Hey. Mike!
Come on. Rich.
we're losing them. Can't
you go a little bit faster?
Come on. Mike.
what do you want?
This is an ice cream truck.
Hey. Rich. the cops!
Stop the truck!
Shit. Rich.
now you did it.
I did?
What do you mean?
You told me to stop.
I didn't.
I told you
to pull over.
No. you didn't.
You said stop.
so I stopped.
I meant pull over.
If you meant pull over.
you should have said
pull over.
Why don't you say
what you mean
next time.
RICH: Come on. let's
go see what happened.
MIKE: Dave.
are you okay?
God. Fuck.
What the hell
are you guys doing?
They got Debbie.
Get in the truck. pal.
Gee. Officer.
I'm really sorry. I was
feeling a little queasy.
Hey. Mike. which way
were they heading?
They went that way.
but now we lost them.
I don't know
where they went.
DAVE: I do.
If you were a clown.
where would you hide?
MIKE: The amusement park!
PAUL: Great!
RICH: All right!
The park's closed.
I'll have to ask
you to leave.
What are you going to
do with those pies. boys?
(SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
(EXCLAIMS)
Everybody stick together.
She's gone.
RICH: (EXCLAIMS) Hey.
you guys. this is weird.
Look at this stuff.
Looks like a wad
of melted ice cream.
DAVE: Yeah. well. it's not.
MIKE: Oh. shit.
Yeah.
DAVE: Come on.
Mike.
you take this
and follow me.
All right.
now. you guys.
no fooling around.
Stick together. okay?
I don't know
what the hell's in here.
(EXCLAIMS) Scary!
MIKE: Dave. did you
get through for help?
DAVE: Yeah. yeah.
help is on the way.
MIKE: You tell them
it was an invasion?
DAVE: I told them.
but I don't really
believe it myself.
Where did they
come from?
Why are they here?
Why clowns?
MIKE: They're not clowns.
They're some
kind of animal
from another world
that just look like clowns.
Shit. Dave.
Dave. maybe they're
the ancient astronauts
that came to our
planet centuries ago.
and our idea
of clowns just
comes from them.
PAUL: How come
they're not funny?
RICH: Maybe they're
from a dying planet.
Maybe their sun pooped out
and they need a new place
to live.
PAUL: Maybe they're
using us for experiments
to dissect and study.
DAVE: So that means
they're intelligent.
So why don't they
communicate with us?
I mean. talk to us
instead of killing us?
Maybe they're just
cruising through
the galaxy
and stopped here
for a bite to eat.
Yeah. Look. everybody. let's
just hold off on the talking.
okay?
Let's not give
ourselves away.
RICH:
What are we gonna
do when we find them?
PAUL: Can we kill them?
DAVE: Yeah.
You shoot them in the nose.
Hey. watch this.
Cool.
(HORN SOUNDING)
What happened?
What did you do?
I didn't do anything.
Don't touch
anything. okay?
This place is
probably booby-trapped.
All right. now.
look. you guys.
stay together.
I don't want to run
around and find you.
too.
No problem.
We can handle it.
Yeah. Okay.
All right. let's go.
Where'd they go?
Come on. Rich. Paul.
Don't worry about
the Terenzi brothers.
They do this all the time.
Those guys are like cats.
They always land on
their feet.
(BOTH GROANING)
Are you Debbie's roommates?
MIKE: Wait a second.
I recognize this place.
This is the tent that
Debbie and I were in.
Come on!
Go. Mike.
Okay.
this is where
we were before.
This is incredible.
Looks like they
got the whole town.
We got to find her.
What color balloon
was she in?
Yellow.
All right.
See anything. Mike?
No.
This is impossible. Mike.
Quiet. Move back.
(BELCHES)
Paul was right. man.
They're hungry.
They're gonna
eat everybody. man!
Just calm down.
all right?
We got to find Debbie
before it's too late.
All right?
Hey. that's the one.
The yellow balloon.
Is she in there?
MIKE: Yeah.
she's in there!
Debbie!
She's alive.
Thank God.
How do we
get her out of here?
I don't know.
Careful. Mike.
MIKE: Damn it!
Debbie. Honey.
Hang on a sec. Mike.
Damn!
What are you doin'?
Just stand back. Mike.
You can't shoot.
You could kill her.
Just back off. all right?
Now. just get ready to run.
DAVE: Are you all right?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I couldn't breathe.
It's okay.
Mike. hang on to
her for a second.
God.
We got to get
the hell out of here.
Come on. Debbie. Come on.
Come on.
DAVE: Wait a second. guys.
We can't leave.
There might be other people
still alive in these balloons.
MIKE: Come on.
it's too late!
DEBBIE: Dave!
Shoot him!
This way. Come on.
Yeah. come on.
What now?
Everybody. down.
We don't know
what's down here.
Come on. Mike.
Nobody's gonna put me
in a balloon again.
Come on. Mike.
Get a move on!
How come you guys
stopped here?
(GROWLING)
Good reason.
MIKE: Okay.
which way do we go?
That doesn't really matter.
Let's go down here.
DAVE: All right.
come on.
(CACKLING)
DAVE: Come on.
let's try in here.
DEBBIE: No!
DAVE: Come on.
Be careful.
Come on.
MIKE: Shit!
Another door!
DEBBIE: I can't
take this anymore!
Come on.
open the door!
Another door!
Come on. Mike!
Another door?
Hurry!
Debbie. come on!
Dave. come on!
(BALLOON BARKING)
DAVE: Get the door.
Mike!
Come on.
DEBBIE: Here. here.
DAVE: Come on. God.
Thank God.
Look at this place.
Where do we go now?
Come on. let's go.
(DEBBIE SCREAMS)
Everyone. up on top.
Come on. let's move!
MIKE: Come on!
DEBBIE: Hurry!
Hey. Rich. Paul!
PAUL:  Stop!
Leave them alone!
Do what I say or else!
Give me the mike!
I am the great
and powerful Jojo!
I command you to stop.
Do not hurt them.
Let them go.
You will obey.
Now's our chance.
(PAUL AND RICH ARGUING)
MIKE: Rich! Paul!
Man. am I glad to
see you guys!
Come on. let's go!
Get in the truck!
Let's go.
Come on. Mike.
Come on. Debbie.
Come on. Rich!
I'm tryin'!
Turn it the right way!
I am!
Come on. Rich!
Pull the choke.
What the hell is that?
(ROARING)
I don't want to
play here anymore.
Can we go home now?
Let's
make a run for it.
Just get out of here.
Everyone out
of the truck!
Come on.
We can't!
It's rented!
(HORN BLARING)
(ROARING)
(BOTH SHOUTING)
Hey! Rich! Paul!
No. Mike. Mike!
It's too late. bud.
(ROARING)
DAVE: Look.
there's a way out now.
Mike. take Debbie.
Get her out of here.
I'll draw its attention.
No! Dave. don't!
We can all make it!
We can't. Debbie.
Stop it!
Get her out of here. Mike!
What are you doing?
Now. Mike!
Come on. guys. move!
Run for help!
Over here!
Come on.
you damn clown.
Come on. you!
MIKE: Come on!
They're takin' off!
(SHRIEKING)
Dave!
MIKE: You made it.
You got them. man.
(EXCLAIMS) What a ride!
That's the last time
we let you drive.
You're alive!
Yeah.
But I saw
you guys get blown up
in the ice cream truck.
That. We hid in the
freezer with the
ice cream.
Yeah. Anybody
want a dip-sicle?
Oh. you and
your ice cream.
What?
How are we gonna
pay for the truck?
Don't blame me.
It was your idea.
No. it wasn't.
You are the one who said
we could get girls this way.
You said we could.
I did not.
Hey. listen.
if it wasn't for me.
you'd be a dead French fry.
Yeah. you'd be
a dead popsicle.
Do you think it's over?
Yeah. sure.
♪ P.T. Barnum said it
so long ago
♪ There's one born
every minute
♪ That you know
♪ Killer klowns
♪ Some make us laugh
♪ Some make us cry
♪ These klowns only gonna
make you die
♪ Everybody's runnin'
♪ When the circus
comes into the towns
♪ Everybody's
gunnin' for the likes
♪ Of the killer klowns
♪ From outer space
♪ Killer klowns
♪ Chuckle
♪ The ringmaster shouts.
let the show begin
♪ Send in the klowns
♪ Then they'll let you in
♪ Killer klowns
♪ See the rubber nose
♪ On the painted face
♪ Bringing genocide
to the human race
♪ It's time to take a ride
♪ On the nightmare
merry-go-round
♪ You'll be dead on arrival
♪ From the likes
of the killer klowns
♪ From outer space
♪ Killer klowns
♪ There's cotton candy
in their hands
♪ Says the polka dotted man
♪ With a stalk of jacaranda
♪ They're all diabolical bozos
♪ Chuckle
♪ Oh. look around
♪ What do you see?
♪ Tell me what's
become of humanity
♪ Killer klowns
♪ From California shores
to New York Times Square
♪ Follow them.
baby. everywhere
♪ If you've ever wondered why
the population's goin' down
♪ Blame it on the plunder
♪ From the likes
of the killer klowns
♪ From outer space
♪ Killer klowns
♪ Killer klowns ♪